Add warning about deprecation (#566)
AllenCellModeling/aicsimageio: README.md

# AICSImageIO

> [!WARNING]  

> > Deprecated in favor of replacement tool `bioio` ([see here for migration guide](https://bioio-devs.github.io/bioio/MIGRATION.html))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> AICSImageIO is now in maintenance mode only.  Please take a look at its compatible successor [`bioio`](https://github.com/bioio-devs/bioio) ([see here for migration guide](https://bioio-devs.github.io/bioio/MIGRATION.html))
```

Reviewer 2: If you want to be fancy, I sometimes see people include: ⚠️⚠️ around it or some other emoji to grab yet more attention.
